# Rice_bot - A universe curiositys bot
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/XmQRDqHQcaE>
#### Description: I created this bot in order to improve my programming knowledge and bring practicality to people who seek to improve their knowledge of astronomy and derivatives. To make this bot I used an api provided by nasa to extract the information, in addition to using the libraries necessary to make the application work on discord and make web requests. With this bot you can do searches for subjects you like, explore curiosities and images taken directly from NASA satellites, search for specifications of asteroids that will pass through the earth or just to see some cool images and videos... In the future I intend to customize my bot more, using more styling techniques and adding more libraries and apis for further exploration of the information. Through the creation of this project I learned many new things, in addition to refining my knowledge I had the opportunity to try out several new techniques and different ideas to reach the final result. Step by Step = First I installed the dependencies so that my bot could work properly. Then I started to think about the types of commands I could have, and the first one that came to my mind was the "&Apod" that would show a simple curiosity to you. The second command I thought of was "&Asteroids", this one in particular I had a slightly annoying logic error, but nothing that a good thought can't solve. Soon after, messing with the features of the nasa api I discovered one that showed a satellite image according to the longitude and latitude entered, which gave me a good idea to make the following command "&Location". The penultimate command, "&Mars", was one of the coolest ones I made in this project, with it you can see photos taken directly from the robot launched by NASA on Mars. And the last command is "&Search", I was kind of out of creativity, looking for a new functionality to implement, that's when I discovered a link on the nasa website that took me to the specifications of an api that allowed you to search for images and videos in their library, which made me create a feature that would allow the user to explore this gallery. Commands = {&Apod = Returns an astronomy Picture of the Day, &Apod {integer} = Returns a number of random curiosities that will be selected according to the number placed; &Asteroids {YYYY-MM-DD} = Returns asteroids based on their closest approach date to Earth; &Location {longitude} {latitude} {YYYY-MM-DD} = Returns a satellite image based on its longitude, latitude, and creation date; &Mars {integer} {camera abreviation name} {YYYY-MM-DD} = Returns a number of photos based on the number entered (if no integer is entered, only one photo will be returned), your camera type, and your creation date; &Search {integer} {search} = Returns search results in the NASA database based on the number entered (if no integer is entered, only one search will be returned) and the words entered related to the titles of the searches;}

My name is Roger Gabriel Moreira Almeida and this was my final project.
